Update GitHub pages docs (#92)
stac-utils/qgis-stac-plugin: docs/user-guide.md

![image](images/filters.png)

> ### Add item onto QGIS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding item footprint and assets into QGIS
```

> Result STAC Item can be added as raster and also vector ( the footprint) into QGIS.

Reviewer: The plugin enables to loading STAC Item assets and footprints in QGIS as map layers.

After filtering, click on **Search**

![image](images/results.png)

> #### As vector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Item footprint
```

> Also, click on **Add footprint** to add the footprint of an item into QGIS canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **Add footprint** button to add the footprint of an item into QGIS canvas.
```

![image](images/footprint.png)

> #### As raster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Item assets
```

> To add raster into QGIS canvas, select **Adding assets**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin currently support loading assets as [COGs](https://github.com/cogeotiff/cog-spec/blob/master/spec.md) layers in QGIS.
To add raster into QGIS canvas,   select the asset from the list provided by the **Add assets as layers* combo box.
```
